Prompt
~~~~~~

Suppose we discover a bug with our algorithm and investors for two deals had incorrect
allocations. This means that some of the investors ended up investing more than they were allowed to
while others invested less than they were allowed to. One of deals happened two years ago and the
other one happened two weeks ago. Please describe, in detail, how would you go about correcting this
issue and how would you communicate this to the affected customers.

Response
~~~~~~~
For the mistake happened 2 years ago:
Based on the current algorithm, the incorrect history allocations would lead to consequent incorrectness
in the following allocations. So the first thing to do is to understand the real quantitative impact on
the investors. Since investors' requested value and allocation amount for each deal are all random variables,
it is difficult to generate a statistical model to estimate the difference. I would suggest recalculating
the true allocations and averages, then comparing the true and false data set. Difference and standard deviation
would help us classify if the investors are highly impacted by our mistake or barely impacted. Meanwhile, the
correct parameters used in the algorithm should be applied in the future allocations.

For the mistake happened 2 weeks ago:
I am not completely understand the timeliness of the deal, so I am assuming 2 weeks are in still in the adjustable period.
In this case, I would suggest to immediately replace the incorrect allocation with true data.

The next step is to acknowledge all investors immediately about the wrong allocation and adjustment on their
correct weight for the future allocation. For those important clients, it is better to set up a client meeting
through a phone screen and admit the mistake we made. Make sure the investors believe we are trustable and not
hiding anything from them. The fiduciary is the key point. Also, depending on the classification, we will provide
distinct alternative solutions. For example, highly impacted investors would be allowed to increase the weight
in the next few deals to match their loss before.


